Very small updates to Getting Started (#1015)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/getting-started/index.md

## 4. Run the app

> Use the below command to run the app in your environment:

Author: feels more natural to put the link after the command is run, I was left sort of looking for it

- Creates a port-forward from localhost to port 3000 inside the container so you can navigate to the app's frontend UI
- Streams container logs to your terminal

Once the sample application is running, you can access it by opening [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser:

{{< image src="demo-screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot of the demo container" width=600px >}}
<br /><br />

> Congrats, you're running your first Radius app! When you're ready to move on to the next step, use <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+ <kbd>C</kbd> to terminate the application.

Author: ```suggestion
Congrats, you're running your first Radius app! When you're ready to move on to the next step, use <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+ <kbd>C</kbd> to exit the command.
```

This may not be the right framing, feel free to reject this change by committing the suggestion above

Reviewer: New wording sounds great, thanks!

## 5. Add Database

> This step will add a database (Redis Cache) to the application, you will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step you will add a database (Redis Cache) to the application by:
```

> - Add Redis to the application using a [Recipe]({{< ref "guides/recipes/overview" >}}) .

Author: Feels like a situation where talking about Recipes is actually a bit distracting from the main purpose of the Getting Started. 

Linking to the concept here is enough I think?

Reviewer: Agree on linking to Recipes being enough. Small update:

```suggestion
- Adding a Redis Cache to your app definition, leveraging [Recipes]({{< ref "guides/recipes/overview" >}}) for the underlying infrastructure.
```

> - Connect to Redis from the `demo` container using environment variables that Radius automatically sets.

Reviewer: Matching updated tense and reworking a bit:

```suggestion
- Adding a connection from the `demo` container to the Redis cache, which automatically sets environment variables with connection information.
```

> Open `app.bicep` in your editor and get ready to edit the file.

Reviewer: Small update to connect the bullets into the steps:

```suggestion
Begin by opening `app.bicep` in your editor and get ready to edit the file.
```

- Creates a port-forward from localhost to port 3000 inside the container so you can navigate to the app's frontend UI
- Streams container logs to your terminal

Once the sample application is running, you can access it by opening [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in a browser:

{{< image src="demo-screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot of the demo container" width=600px >}}
<br /><br />

Congrats, you're running your first Radius app! When you're ready to move on to the next step, use <kbd>CTRL</kbd>+ <kbd>C</kbd> to terminate the application.

## 5. Add Database

In this step you will add a database (Redis Cache) to the application by:

> - Add Redis to the application using a [Recipe]({{< ref "guides/recipes/overview" >}}) .

Author: ```suggestion
- Adding a Redis Cache, leveraging [Radius Recipes]({{< ref "guides/recipes/overview" >}}) to easily add a data store to your app definition.
```
wdyt fo this?

> - Add Redis to the application using a [Recipe]({{< ref "guides/recipes/overview" >}}) .

Author: ```suggestion
- Adding a Redis Cache using a [Radius Recipe]({{< ref "guides/recipes/overview" >}}).
```
